Fix typo (#126155)
Azure/azure-content: articles/logic-apps/authenticate-with-managed-identity.md

> suppose you have a managed identity for a logic app that needs access to update the application 
> settings for that same logic app from a workflow. You must give that identity access to the associated logic app.

> For example, to access an Azure Blob storage account or an Azure Key Vault with your managed identity, you need to set up Azure role-based access control (Azure RBAC) and assign the appropriate role for that identity to the storage account or key vault, respectively.

Reviewer: Hi @changeworld,

"Azure Key Vault" is the service name, while a "key vault" is the resource or instance. So, if you want, change your edit to the following version:

```suggestion
For example, to use a managed identity for authenticating access to a Blob storage account or key vault in Azure, you need to set up Azure role-based access control (Azure RBAC) and assign the appropriate role for that identity to the storage account or key vault, respectively.
```

| Azure CLI | [Add role assignment](/entra/identity/managed-identities-azure-resources/how-to-assign-app-role-managed-identity-cli) |
| Azure REST API | [Add role assignment](../role-based-access-control/role-assignments-rest.md) |

> For an Azure Key Vault, you also have the option to create an access policy for your managed identity on your key vault and assign the appropriate permissions for that identity on that key vault. The later steps in this section describe how to complete this task by using the [Azure portal](#azure-portal-access-policy). For Resource Manager templates, PowerShell, and Azure CLI, see the following documentation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Azure Key Vault, you also have the option to create an access policy for your managed identity on your key vault and assign the appropriate permissions for that identity on that key vault. The later steps in this section describe how to complete this task by using the [Azure portal](#azure-portal-access-policy). For Resource Manager templates, PowerShell, and Azure CLI, see the following documentation:
```

### Assign role-based access to a managed identity using the Azure portal

> To use a managed identity for authentication, some Azure resources, such as Azure storage accounts, require that you assign that identity to a role that has the appropriate permissions on the target resource. Other Azure resources, such as Azure Key Vaults, support multiple options, so you can choose either role-based access or an [access policy that has the appropriate permissions on the target resource for that identity](#azure-portal-access-policy).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use a managed identity for authentication, some Azure resources, such as Azure storage accounts, require that you assign that identity to a role that has the appropriate permissions on the target resource. Other Azure resources, such as key vaults, support multiple options. You can choose either role-based access or an [access policy that has the appropriate permissions on the target resource for that identity](#azure-portal-access-policy).
```

To use a managed identity for authentication, other Azure resources also support or require that you create an access policy that has the appropriate permissions on the target resource for that identity. Other Azure resources, such as Azure storage accounts, instead require that you [assign that identity to a role that has the appropriate permissions on the target resource](#azure-portal-assign-role).

> 1. In the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com), open the target resource where you want to use the identity. This example uses an Azure Key Vault as the target resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com), open the target resource where you want to use the identity.

   This example uses a key vault as the target Azure resource.
```
